First, create an account on https://www.jetbrains.com/. Then get the student access by sending the required student information to get access for free. Check your email for if you got access. Use the free license link to gain free access to your web store application. Install webstorm to your PC. During the installation, it will ask you to configure it. Add all necessary add-ons that you will use to code. It might ask you to reboot your PC. If it does reboot it. Create an account on https://github.com/. After creating an account, click on the plus sign in the top right of the website to create a new repository, and name it A02. Go into webstorm. Activate your Jetbrains account by logging in. After you log in you should see an activate button. Click the activate button. Now click continue. Now click on “GItHub”. Login to your GitHub account. It should open up a webpage. Click authroize to authorize your connection to GitHub. It will ask you to login to your github and authorize access. After you authorize access, go back to your webstorm, and clone A02 by clicking on A02 and then click clone. Make sure the directory is in the folder you would like to clone in. It will ask if you trust the project. Click that you trust it. You now should be in your A02 folder. In the top right you should see a bell icon. Click it and authroize webstorm through your firewall to have it work smoother. Now under project, right click your A02 folder, hover over new, then click “create new file”. Name the file “readme.md. Hit Enter. It will ask if you would like to add the file to git. Click “Add”. Enter the required information in the “readme.md” file. After you enter the proper information, go to the left of webstorm where it says “commit”. Click commit, and select what files you would like to commit to the repository in GitHub. Add a simple commit message to convey what files you are commiting, then hit “commit and push”. A popup will appear that asks you to confirm your push. Click push to push your files to GitHub.

Webstorm download: https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/download/#section=windows

Definitions:
* **Branch** - A branch is a parallel version of a repository. It is contained within the repository, but does not affect the primary or main branch allowing you to work freely without disrupting the "live" version. When you've made the changes you want to make, you can merge your branch back into the main branch to publish your changes.
* **Clone** - A clone is a copy of a repository that lives on your computer instead of on a website's server somewhere, or the act of making that copy. When you make a clone, you can edit the files in your preferred editor and use Git to keep track of your changes without having to be online. The repository you cloned is still connected to the remote version so that you can push your local changes to the remote to keep them synced when you're online.
* **Commit** - A commit, or "revision", is an individual change to a file (or set of files). When you make a commit to save your work, Git creates a unique ID (a.k.a. the "SHA" or "hash") that allows you to keep record of the specific changes committed along with who made them and when. Commits usually contain a commit message which is a brief description of what changes were made.
* **Fetch** - When you use git fetch, you're adding changes from the remote repository to your local working branch without committing them. Unlike git pull, fetching allows you to review changes before committing them to your local branch.
* **GIT** - Git is an open source program for tracking changes in text files. It was written by the author of the Linux operating system, and is the core technology that GitHub, the social and user interface, is built on top of.
* **Github** - GitHub is a web-based version control and collaboration platform for software developers.
* **Merge** - Merging takes the changes from one branch (in the same repository or from a fork), and applies them into another. This often happens as a "pull request" (which can be thought of as a request to merge), or via the command line. A merge can be done through a pull request via the GitHub.com web interface if there are no conflicting changes, or can always be done via the command line.
* **Merge Conflict** - A difference that occurs between merged branches. Merge conflicts happen when people make different changes to the same line of the same file, or when one person edits a file and another person deletes the same file. The merge conflict must be resolved before you can merge the branches.
* **Push** - To push means to send your committed changes to a remote repository on GitHub.com. For instance, if you change something locally, you can push those changes so that others may access them.
* **Pull** - Pull refers to when you are fetching in changes and merging them. For instance, if someone has edited the remote file you're both working on, you'll want to pull in those changes to your local copy so that it's up to date.
* **Remote** - This is the version of a repository or branch that is hosted on a server, most likely GitHub.com. Remote versions can be connected to local clones so that changes can be synced.
* **Repository** - A repository is the most basic element of GitHub. They're easiest to imagine as a project's folder. A repository contains all of the project files (including documentation), and stores each file's revision history. Repositories can have multiple collaborators and can be either public or private.

Definitions sources:
* https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/github-glossary
* https://www.techtarget.com/searchitoperations/definition/GitHub
